How to Run:
	There are 2 ways to do this:
	1) go to https://cse.buffalo.edu/~vjvitale/EggsIntro.html
	2) Go into the zip folder and open the EggsIntro.html in your prefered browser
	(techically you do EggRecipecs.html as well, but EggsIntro is the intended 
	homepage)

	Testing the software can be done from either method and is performed the
	same way. Testing software assumes u have first ran it.

How to test Software (this assumes you started from EggsIntro):
	1) Read over the introduction to learn a brief history of eggs. If you
	would like to learn more or see where the information came from feel free
	to click on the links in references, but they provide nothing other citations.
	Also they are an unordered list.
	2) Click on "For Fun Egg Recipes Click here!", this is the linking of the
	HTML files. You can return to the orginal from the second by clicking on
	"For Fun Egg Facts Click here!"
	3) Learn how to make rolled eggs. The Indregients are listed in a table and
	the steps are an ordered list.
	4) Once you have absorbed that there is a button  labled "See another 
	recipe!" that uses JavaScript to alter the style such that a new recipe 
	will apear! You can press this as many times as you desire to swtich 
	between recipes.
	5) CSS was used to alter the size of the text so that the page titles are
	50px, the subtitles are 32px, the rest of the text (save for the references
	which are 12px) are 16px. The tables are set to have a border. Title and
	subtitle text is a yellow and the other text is a brown color. You can
	verify this by staring at the webpage and admiring its beauty.

Architecture of Software:
	This project consists of 2 HTML files that have a link at the bottom of
	each that connects one to the other. This meets the first part of the first
	objective. A list is used give a user a set of links to webpages used to 
	get information about the history of eggs. Each bullet point is a different
	link. A table is used to keep track of ingredients for egg recipes. One
	column has the amount and the other lists the ingredient. This completes 
	the requirement for a list and a table. Both of these HTML files load in a 
	CSS Style sheet that alters the color, size, and visability of various
	elements. The CSS uses classes for the size and color of any paragraph
	element, whereas the table and link, and list information was just set for
	all instances. This choice was made since paragraphs were used both for 
	titles as well as body text so multiple styles were needed, but the tables,
	links, and lists had one uniform style so classes made little sense. This
	completes the requirements for objective 2. On the recipe page, there are
	two divisions, to hold both recipes. The CSS is used to hide the Eggs in a
	Basket Recipe when the user first enters the page. There is a JavaScript
	button that changes the display variable of the style element of each of
	these divisons when pressed. The button will check if the Rolled Egg Recipe
	is visable, and if so it will make it invisable and bring up the Egg in a
	Basket Recipe. Otherwise it will do the oposite. This script is loaded into
	the head of the Recpices page and the funciton described earlier is called
	when the button is clicked. This completes objective 3. The webpage is
	available for veiwing at https://cse.buffalo.edu/~vjvitale/EggsIntro.html.
	This was done through following the tutorial provided for hosting websites
	through the CSE server. FileZilla was used to upload files to timberlake.

